hi uh I have another dream that the Lord
wanted me to tell you all about
now this one's pretty serious uh well
all of them have been serious but this
one was really on my heart this week
and so um
it started out I was I was praying over
the wars
and what's going on in Ukraine and so
and the Lord showed me a massive storm
on the east coast of America and it went
all it was as dark as you could could
see through like like a dark dark purple
dark dark storm and the lightning was
was striking through it and it was it
was
um uh very scary looking in the natural
to look at the storm and um it was
getting closer and closer and closer and
I've had when I pray I'll see in the
spirit and the Lord will show it and the
storm gets closer and closer and closer
and um
you could see and then and then the last
time I saw it the rain was coming I
could see the rain drops coming out of
the storm
but the Lord showed me this massive wall
this massive wall and the wall
um
was was was was probably I'd say
five foot thick maybe more but it was
all these bricks the bricks were
humongous bricks and it went up as high
as as probably 30 feet you know or it's
probably bigger than that I I don't know
several story building
and um
on this side of it I could see this this
light coming out of the out of it and
the light was shining through the clouds
and it was beautiful and there was a
stream going through on that on the on
this side of the of the wall there was a
stream going through it and there was a
little Hut a little house
with a picnic table outside of it with
all this green grass and there was a um
there was a a little a stove a chimney
stove with with like smoke coming out of
it but you could smell the smell of
bread
and um
uh the Lord told me I said Lord what is
this that you're showing me and he said
Brandon this is Psalms 91 and Psalms 23.
both together
he said if you stay in the secret place
of the most high and you abide in that
shadow of the Almighty none of that
storm is going to come near you but
you're going to have to stay close to me
and get those scriptures Psalms 91 and
Psalms 23 deep down in your heart it has
to become a Rhema word inside of you for
what's coming
you have to know that word Psalms 91 and
Psalms 23 you just can't just read the
Lord is my shepherd I shall not want you
just can't just flippingly Echo it by
just reading it off the pages you have
to meditate on it and meditate on it
that it becomes a revelation to you and
it gets down deep inside your spirit so
that it is a sword when it comes out of
your mouth and whenever you James 4 17
you submit yourself unto God resist the
devil and he will flee from you
so you have to understand that word and
get a revelation of it so that when you
are submitting yourself unto God and you
are resisting the devil he will flee
from you but you have to have a
revelation of it because if it's not a
rainbow word inside of you you might as
well be singing Twinkle Twinkle Little
Star because it's not going to have any
power behind it because you're just
flippingly saying things I can quote
scripture all day long the devil knows
the scripture okay he understands the
scripture better than a lot of
Christians do but it's whenever the word
becomes a Rhema to you that it becomes a
revelation knowledge that comes out of
your spirit that becomes powerful and so
that's what you need to know whenever
that word becomes powerful to you that's
whenever you're going to get results and
so
that's one of the things the Lord told
me to tell you when I was praying this
morning so I'm gonna I'm gonna end this
video there I hope you have a blessed
day and no no weapon formed against you
is going to prosper you got to get that
inside of you
for what the storms are coming or
whatever
greater is he that is in you than he
that is in the world have a blessed day